Joy to the World
Joy to the world!
Joy to the world! The Lord is come!
Let earth receive her King!
Let every heart be glad he'll move,
And heaven and nature sing,
Dashing through the snow,
In a one-horse open sleigh,
O'er the fields we go,
Laughing all the way,
Bells on buck-bells ring,
Make ye spirits cry,
O'er what fun to ride
And sing the sleigh song tonight!
Jingle bells, jingle bells,
Jingle all the way,
O'er what fun it is to ride
In a one-horse open sleigh, yeah!
Jingle bells, jingle bells,
Jingle all the way,
O'er what fun it is to ride
In a one-horse open sleigh, yeah!
Silent Night, Holy Night
Silent night, holy night,
All is calm, all is bright,
Round yon Virgin, Mother and Child,
Holy infant of tender and mild,
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly,
Fa la la la la la la la la la,
Is the season to be jolly,
Down we now our gay and harrow,
Fa la la la la la la la la la,
Holy ancient Utah carol,
Fa la la la la la la la la la.
The End